feat(azure): nRF Cloud Location Services are now mandatory (#844)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/aws/GettingStarted/nRFCloudLocationServices.rst

To use any nRF Cloud Location Service, you need to configure your team ID.

> You can locate in in your nRF Cloud Account Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find it in your nRF Cloud account dashboard.
```
